## Contributing

Thanks a bunch for wanting to help Zooniverse. We are no longer actively developing new features for this app. We are accepting PRs for bug fixes, translations, and content updates. If you wish to contribute new features, please go to [https://github.com/zooniverse/front-end-monorepo/](https://github.com/zooniverse/front-end-monorepo/). If you want to contribute a bug fix, translation, or content update, please follow the guidelines below:

### Issue

Hey you found something wrong with one of our sites, thanks for taking the time to let us know.

1. Please be as descriptive as possible.
2. Include your Browser and Operating System combination.
3. Screenshots are triple bonus Zoo points.

### Pull Requests

Say you have some documentation or code you want to add:

1. Fork the Project on Github.
2. Clone the code and follow one of the above guides to setup a dev environment.
3. Create a new git branch and make your changes.
4. Make sure the tests still pass by running `bundle exec rspec` in our Rails projects or `npm test` in the JavaScript ones.
5. Add tests if you introduced new functionality.
6. Commit your changes. Try to make your commit message [informative](http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html), but we're not sticklers about it. Do try to to add `Closes #issue` or `Fixes #issue` somewhere in your message if it's addressing a specific open issue.
7. Submit a Pull Request (PR)
8. Wait for feedback or a merge!
 
#### Rebasing

If your PR is open for a while, it may get out of synch with the master branch. In that case, pull the latest master branch and run `git rebase master` – while in your _feature_ branch – to update your feature branch to the latest master. You may need to use `git push --force-with-lease` to update your PR after rebasing.

#### Merge conflicts with package-lock.json

If your branch has a merge conflict in the package-lock.json file, do not try to manually resolve these conflicts. This file is auto-generated by npm and should be managed by npm. To resolve the issue:

```
git checkout master package-lock.json
npm install
git commit -am 'updated package lock file'
```

Checking out the package-lock.json file from master should overwrite the merge conflicted file in your branch, then reinstall your packages to get a resolved file and commit the changes. If this doesn't resolve the issue, then you may have to start over with a regenerated package-lock.json. If this happens, let the PR reviewer know that there may be unexpected changes coming in with your PR.

### PFE Pull Request Workflow
  - Person A submits PR and requests review from another or multiple people or asks for volunteers on slack.
  - Person B should set themselves as the Assignee.
  - When the PR is ready, Person B clicks approve, merge, and delete the branch (if applicable).
  - If multiple people review a PR, they should sort out amongst themselves who is the Assignee.

Please see [Github's docs](https://help.github.com/articles/reviewing-changes-in-pull-requests) for more info and details on reviewing changes in pull requests.

Also note that when you open a PR, you will see a link to review the repo's **guidelines for contributing**. If you're not familiar with the guidelines, please review them.
